io/ioak/emailflow/application/email/EmailServer.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.email.EmailServer
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceFilter.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceFilter
io/ioak/emailflow/space/aspect/UseAdminDbAspect.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.aspect.UseAdminDbAspect
io/ioak/emailflow/application/template/TemplateRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.template.TemplateRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/config/MailProcessor.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.MailProcessor
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.MailProcessor$1
io/ioak/emailflow/application/apikey/Apikey.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.apikey.Apikey
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.CustomUserDetailsService
io/ioak/emailflow/application/project/Project.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.project.Project
io/ioak/emailflow/config/mongo/MongobeeConfig.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.mongo.MongobeeConfig
io/ioak/emailflow/application/apikey/ApikeyScope.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.apikey.ApikeyScope
io/ioak/emailflow/application/email/EmailServerRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.email.EmailServerRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/application/project/ProjectController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.project.ProjectController
io/ioak/emailflow/application/emailprocessing/EmailServerTemplateResource.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.emailprocessing.EmailServerTemplateResource
io/ioak/emailflow/config/RestTemplateConfig.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.RestTemplateConfig
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/JwtSecurityConfig.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtSecurityConfig
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/User.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.User
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/JwtAuthenticationController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtAuthenticationController
io/ioak/emailflow/space/DefaultSpaceService.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.DefaultSpaceService
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/JwtTokenUtil.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtTokenUtil
io/ioak/emailflow/config/CorsConfig.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.CorsConfig
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceStatus.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceStatus
io/ioak/emailflow/application/apikey/ApikeyRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.apikey.ApikeyRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceConfig.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceConfig
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint
io/ioak/emailflow/application/apikey/ApikeyController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.apikey.ApikeyController
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceHolder.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceHolder
io/ioak/emailflow/application/emailprocessing/EmailServerResource.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.emailprocessing.EmailServerResource
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/JwtResorce.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtResorce
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtResorce$UserData
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtResorce$UserResource
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/RoleType.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.RoleType
io/ioak/emailflow/application/emailprocessing/EmailProcessingController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.emailprocessing.EmailProcessingController
io/ioak/emailflow/space/Space.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.Space
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.Space$SpaceBuilder
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceService.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceService
io/ioak/emailflow/space/aspect/UseAdminDb.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.aspect.UseAdminDb
io/ioak/emailflow/application/template/Template.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.template.Template
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceLocal.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceLocal
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceLocal$SpaceLocalBuilder
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceController
io/ioak/emailflow/application/email/EmailServerController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.email.EmailServerController
io/ioak/emailflow/config/mongo/MultispaceMongoDbFactory.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.mongo.MultispaceMongoDbFactory
io/ioak/emailflow/application/project/ProjectRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.project.ProjectRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/space/SpaceLocalRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.SpaceLocalRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/space/DatasetResource.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.DatasetResource
 io.ioak.emailflow.space.DatasetResource$SpaceResource
io/ioak/emailflow/application/template/TemplateController.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.application.template.TemplateController
io/ioak/emailflow/EmailflowServiceApplication.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.EmailflowServiceApplication
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/UserRepository.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.UserRepository
io/ioak/emailflow/config/mongo/MongoConfiguration.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.mongo.MongoConfiguration
io/ioak/emailflow/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.config.SwaggerConfig
io/ioak/emailflow/jwt/JwtRequestFilter.java
 io.ioak.emailflow.jwt.JwtRequestFilter
